Demonstratin DML INSERT using Hibernate:
	Main Program steps:
		1. Build 'Configuration' object
		
		2. Obtain 'SessionFactory' using 'Configuration' object
		
		3. Obtain 'Session' using 'SessionFactory'
		
		4. Create entity class object  
		
		5. Obtain and Start the Transaction using "Session'
		
		6. Attach the Entity Object to the 'Session'
		
		7. Commit the 'Transaction'
		
		8. Close the 'Session'
		
		9. Close the 'SessionFactory'
		
	Hibernate Example Workflow:
		When the 'Configuration' class object is created, Hibernate searches for the configuration specific metadata
		within a file named as : hibernate.properties. If found, configuration entries are loaded from that file.
		
		If not found, then Hibernate must be informed about 'hibernate.cfg.xml'. This is done by using 'configure()'
		method.
		
		By any chance, this XML file name is different, then overloaded 'configure()' method is to be used.
		E.g.
		hibernateConfig = hibernateConfig.configure("hibernate_configuration.xml");
		
	TODO 4:
		Enhance CMS in such a way that it uses Hibernate to insert the Course record into the datasbase.
		Write a main program to test this functionality.
		
	
	Loading an object against Identity:
		In Hibernate, when object of an entity class is to be loaded from database, 'Session' interface's 'load()'
		method is used.
		
		It performs loading on the basis of Identity and therefore it returns a single object.
		
		Since data loading is not a DML operation, there is no need to obtain 'Transaction'.
		
		The 'load()' method of Session interface has so many overloaded versions. The most commonly used is:
			load(Class<T>, Serializable) 
			
		Identities in Hibernate:
			Hibernate implies a rule about identities.
				1. The property of an entity class, which is configured as an identity must be of some class type rather than
					primitive type. 
				2. The identity specific class must implement 'java.io.Serializable'
				
	Updating the data:
		Since UPDATE is a DML operation, transaction is must.
		Unlike save() and load(), Hibernate does not provide any method to perform DML UPDATE. However, there is
		a method named as 'update()' available; but it is not meant for DML UPDATE. Its purpose is different.
		
		Typically, DML UPDATE operation is done using following steps:
			1. Load the entity object based upon which updation is required.
			
			2. Obtain and Start the Transaction
			
			3. Change the state of the entity class object using setters. 
			
			4. Apply the changes made to the state by committing the Transaction.
			
	Deleting the data:
		To perform DML DELETE operation, Transaction is must.
		This is made possible using 'delete()' method of 'Session' interface.
	
		Steps for Deletion:
			1. Load the entity class object that is to be deleted.
			
			2. Obtain and Start the Transaction.
			
			3. Perform DML DELETE using 'delete()' method.
			
			4. Commit the Transaction to apply the changes.
			
	TODO 5:
		Implement CRUD operations for CMS using Hibernate.
		
	Loading in Hibernate:
		Data Loading in Hibernate is done by 2 ways:
			1. Lazy Loading
			2. Eager Loading
			
		Lazy Loading:
			When 'load()' method is invoked on 'Session' object, Hibernate does not hit the database; rather it creates
			a new object called as PROXY. 
			
			As long as getter method is invoked on ID field, Hibernate will refer to this proxy itself.
			As soon as a getter method is invoked on any field other than ID, Hibernate decides to initialize the
			proxy by hitting the database.
			
		EAGER Loading
			When 'load()' method is invoked on 'Session' object, Hibernate hits the database and results into the actual
			entity class object creation. This time the proxy is not created.
			
		Generally, there are 2 approaches to create Proxy:
			1. Using Containment (HAS - A)
			2. Using Inheritance (IS - A)
			
		Hibernate follows 2nd option.
		
		In order to use EAGER loading, use [lazy="false"] in HBM file for '<class>' tag.
		
		Lazy Loading is used by Hibernate for Performance Optimization.
			
			
		
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		